fix(i-data): `componentStatus` updating after component destroying (#1445)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v4.0.0-beta.?? (2024-10-??)

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Fixed an issue with updating the `componentStatus` after destroying the component `components/super/i-data`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with updating the `componentStatus` after destroying the component `iData`
```
